KREIDER TO NASH, LOSES HIS
BALANCE, NOT ABLE TO ELEVATE THE
PUCK OVER TOKARSKI.
>> Pierre: LATE HIT, HIGH HIT,
FACIAL AREA.
THAT'S JUST NOT THE WAY IT'S
SUPPOSED TO BE.
ZUCCARELLO.
A GREAT CHANCE, JUST GETS A
PIECE OF IT.
>> Pierre: THIS IS WHAT YOU WERE
TALKING ABOUT, EDDY.
DID THAT EVER MAKE CONTACT?
IT'S CLOSE.
I DON'T KNOW.
>> Eddie: CERTAINLY THE INTENT
WAS THERE.
>> Pierre: I DON'T KNOW IF HE
EVER MADE CONTACT, EDDY.
MONTREAL. WATCH THE SKATE OF
AND NO SCORE.
PLAYED ALONG RUN INTO.
AND THERE WILL BE A PENALTY FOR
THAT.
AND NOW A SCRAP.
IT IS DORSETT AND PRUST.
THE LINES MEN ARE IN.
THE FANS RESPOND.
>> Pierre: THE TEMPERATURE WENT
TO ANOTHER LEVEL AFTER THAT HIT
BY PRUST.
ON DEREK STEPAN.
AND YOU SEE CARCILLO GOING IN.
LITTLE BIT OF A PUSH.
PRUST GOES DOWN.
DORSETT TRACKING DOWN PRUST.
>> Eddie: CARCILLO SAYS, DON'T
DO MY JOB.
I WANT HIM.
PRUST TAKES CARE OF BUSINESS.
HE HAD PROBLEMS WITH THE LINES
MEN AS HE WAS ESCORTED INTO THE
BOX.
>> Pierre: WATCH CARCILLO, HE'LL
COME OVER.
HE'S NOT HAPPY AT ALL.
IN THE BOX.
AND EARLIER ON, HE WAS NOT
PLEASED AS WELL.
HE WAS BEING ESCORTED IN.
THERE WAS A CARRYOVER EFFECT.
THEY PROBABLY SAID, WE HAVE HAD
ENOUGH WITH YOU.